hello there my name is Paul Ellis and I
run a cookery school in West Sussex and
what you're gonna see today is only a
snip of what we can do have a look the
food is absolutely fantastic
so what done is that a pint of water and
a quarter pint of vinegar on a stove
from raw and I've brought to the boil
and to the simmer for about an hour and
15 minutes baby room taking them off
leaving him in the juice and let them go
cold in the juicer the finish off it
finish off cooking in the liquor so I'll
take them out
I'm pill them down made sure they're
absolutely perfectly in shape
very very nice so just want to show you
what I could do with my paper I mean on
my menu I have a nice beetroot mash I
just chopped it down right automatic at
8:00 sounds absolutely fantastic for a
salad I've got a beetroot and orange and
lime salad again the flavours are
unbelievable I'm just going to show you
a very quick way of how I would do a
quick salad cut it into two pieces here
see how soft it is
and the flavor from the vinegar and the
smell from the paper is unbelievable
absolutely fantastic nice and soft it's
actually for you to know how to cook a
be true it's the best who is most best
place to put your knife through the
bedroom and if the knife it falls from
the from the knife then you know it's
cooked once it's hot but when the chill
down is it's it tend to sort of it's a
bit harder not be a volleyball and my
dressing for that
not a bit of time through there
you better not to be able to flavor
there so I let salt and pepper
my spoon through that I've got my
dresser in there as well seasoned out I
just taste that as a salad on its own
absolutely fantastic looks right there
absolutely fantastic tender as hell and
that's how I cook my baby